feat: support for objective-c headers (#3475)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-cocoapods-libraries.md

1. Specify the name of a Pod library in the `pod()` function.

   In the configuration block, specify the cinterop options:
   *  `extraOpts` – to specify the list of options for a Pod library. For example, specific flags: `extraOpts = listOf("-compiler-option")`.

>       directives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Specify the name of a Pod library in the `pod()` function.

   In the configuration block, specify the cinterop options:

   * `extraOpts` – to specify the list of options for a Pod library, for example, a `-compiler-option` with specific flags.
     

>      You can use `extraOpts = listOf("-compiler-option", "-fmodules")` here to consume Objective-C headers with `@import`

Reviewer 2: Maybe highlight it somehow? And add a note that this feature is experimental.

Author: Thanks! I decided that the best way to do that is to create a separate section

3. Re-import the project.

To use these dependencies from the Kotlin code, import the packages `cocoapods.<library-name>`:
   
```kotlin
import cocoapods.YandexMapKit.*
```
   
If you use the `packageName` parameter, you can import the library using the package name `import <packageName>`:
   
```kotlin
import YandexMK.YMKPoint
import YandexMK.YMKDistance
```

### Support for Objective-C headers with @import directives

> This feature is [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained).
> It may be dropped or changed at any time. Use it only for evaluation purposes.

> > We'd appreciate your feedback on it in [YouTrack](https://kotl.in/issue).

Reviewer: I thought we only asked for feedback in what's new? 😃

Author: I think in your PR it was a separate paragraph, and this structure is definitely used in WN. As for warning notes, I see different wording throughout our docs
Sorry if my comment was confusing. Maybe we should discuss a unified approach to this

Reviewer: Ohhh OK! I misunderstood. Thanks for clarifying 😄

>
{type="warning"}

Some Objective-C libraries, specifically those that serve as wrappers for Swift libraries,
have `@import` directives in their headers. By default, cinterop doesn't provide support for these directives.

> To enable it, specify the `-fmodules` option in the configuration block of the `pod()` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable support for `@import` directives, specify the `-fmodules` option in the configuration block of the `pod()` function:
```

3. Re-import the project.

To use these dependencies from the Kotlin code, import the packages `cocoapods.<library-name>`:
   
```kotlin
import cocoapods.YandexMapKit.*
```
   
If you use the `packageName` parameter, you can import the library using the package name `import <packageName>`:
   
```kotlin
import YandexMK.YMKPoint
import YandexMK.YMKDistance
```

### Support for Objective-C headers with @import directives

> This feature is [Experimental](components-stability.md#stability-levels-explained).
> It may be dropped or changed at any time. Use it only for evaluation purposes.
> We'd appreciate your feedback on it in [YouTrack](https://kotl.in/issue).
>
{type="warning"}

One of the cinterop options you can use when adding a dependency on a Pod library is importing Objective-C headers

> with `@import` directives. It could be useful for classes of CocoaPods dependencies written in Swift.

Reviewer 2: Sounds kinda cumbersome and obscure to me. Maybe something like:

> Certain Objective-C libraries, specifically those that serve as wrappers for Swift libraries, contain `@import` directives in their headers. By default, cinterop does not provide support for these directives. To fix this, specify `-fmodules` ooption in the configuration block of the `pod()` function:

            ios.deploymentTarget = "13.5"

            pod("YandexMapKit") {

>                 extraOpts = listOf("-compiler-option", "-fmodules")

Reviewer 2: It is not required for this library, so I'm not sure if it is a good idea add it here.
